Mr. Wu
Who are you? Back to the leader's words
I am the company's security captain
Please stand
Damn you a security captain
Who let you go will allow it, get out
How dare you yell at me!
Why are you surprised?
Have you ever seen a security guard beat someone?
Are you blind?
He hit me
Do you want to become blind?
Don't move don't move don't move
Be brave enough to be my person when you have the ability
How about I triple your salary?
Or you commit suicide
I'll buy you a coffin
Young people should not be ignorant of good deeds
I'm not a drama yet
You can do whatever you want
Ok, just wait.
All heard
I don't want people dying here today
Let these lackeys behind you
Get out of here
Close the door
Let's have a good meeting
Hurry up and get out
Go out go out
Ooh.
It's a damn contract
Isn't this a robbery?
Hey, I have a good contract here
Come and sign it all